hey kids thanks for watching epic toy
Channel today we have a giant Hello
Kitty surprise with a giant surprise egg
- what's inside there what did you find
it's the Hello Kitty emergency
helicopter wow that's cool Johnny Depp
the surprise egg open what's in there
whoa a surprise egg in a surprise egg
what is it what kind of candy a peanut
butter cup yeah what did you find
it's Mickey the Mickey Mouse
Oh cute well there's so much candy in
here wait is that yeah it's the Elsa
prop character from the series two of
the frozen pop characters on orange line
do you want it yeah
whoa and on a pop character a young Lana
from series 2 of the frozen characters
also and three Hello kitties whoa oh
this is the rainy day Hello Kitty insert
this is so
whoa I even comes with the scooter this
is sweet
okay let's open it up Zoe can you help
your brother whoa check this out it's
the Hello Kitty toaster there's eight
pieces
I'll case those tryna push down buttered
toast and a Hello Kitty toaster
two pieces should we open it up Johnny's
ready to play
so he's having a lot of fun with this
you like it Zoe
yeah she loves Hello Kitty
so it isn't just a school bus actually
the school itself then you put you down
this door here let's see a hopscotch and
the top of the bus closes to Boeing
schools in session it's all the way open
it comes with two desks for the students
a teacher's desk a globe a clipboard and
so much more it's really cool
sweet Oh Katie let's see let's check it
out
it's a sweet dreams wash Hello Kitty oh
oh push-ups mommy let's find out what
happens it glows and
so cool it sings three lullabies so it
can sing you're asleep
that's so cute and that's totally epic I
don't think you're getting very far oh
there you go Ruben's cruising I'll
probably leave with you every color
Kitty scooter riding dude hey wait come
back open this presents Disney Princess
designer dress boutique that's so cool
it comes with all the sparkly play-doh
be a royal dress designer but oh cool
poses Rapunzel and Belle and there's
everything you need to become a royal
dress designer and some ideas of dresses
that you can make check this out we
opened up the Hello Kitty helicopter
co-pilot Hello Kitty here
doctor look at how excited so and then
you have a gurney for the injured person
whoa it's Hello Kitty's helicopter
rescue what do you think and after
Jonathan - too many Hello Kitty toys
this is what happens - oh we better put
them on the tiny little Hello Kitty
gurney here we go that's cute
nope Hello Kitty she's busy she's lying
nope okay
Johnny Johnny okay she's not gonna save
them sorry Johnny you're a casualty of
this Hello Kitty video take it thanks
for watching and a big toys you know we
love toys here on this channel and we do
videos every single day so if you like
to have fun hit subscribe so you can see
all of our epic videos maybe someone
will come and rescue you we'll find out